path-win: implement cache directories (#11918)
mpv-player/mpv: DOCS/man/mpv.rst

FILES
=====

> Note, these file paths assume Linux/BSD. On other platforms, the paths may be different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this section assumes Linux/BSD. On other platforms the paths may be different.
```

Other config files (such as ``input.conf``) are in the same directory. See the
`FILES`_ section above.

> Cache fles are located under ``%LOCALAPPDATA%/mpv``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cache directory is located at ``%LOCALAPPDATA%/mpv``.
```
